Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the app (the "Service") operated by BoomPub ("us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

Links to other websites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by BoomPub.

BoomPub has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that BoomPub shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

User generated content

All information, data, text, photographs, messages, or other materials that you and/or other users post, upload, link to and/or otherwise submit to the Service or through the Services (collectively referred to as “User-Generated Content”), are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such User-Generated Content originated. You are entirely responsible for all of the User-Generated Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Site or any other Services.

We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any User-Generated Content or endorse any of the opinions expressed therein. You agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against us with respect thereto. You acknowledge that any reliance on User-Generated Content will be at your own risk.

We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any User-Generated Content, such as User-Generated Content which violates these Terms of Service. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (b) enforce these Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (d) respond to member support requests, or (e) protect our rights, property or safety, and that of our users and the public. We will not be responsible or liable for the exercise or non-exercise of its rights under these Terms of Service.

Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Netherlands, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 60 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
